#### books.service

1. Create a new file called `books.service.ts` in the folder `app/books` and create a new class `BooksService`.

2. Add a methode called `getBooks` with a return type `Book[]`, which will return the books.
    Cut and paste the data from `BooksComponent` into this methode, we will replace this with a Http call later in the assignment.
    
3. Decorate the service with the `@Injectable()` decorator. We are going to need it later.

    > ** Best practice: @Injectable()**
    > 
    > The `@Injectable()` decorator makes it possible to inject *other* services into this class
    > The service class itself is immediately injectable when provided by a module or component, without this decorator.
    > However, it is a Best Practice to **always** put this decorator above a service, so you won't miss it later. And it doesn't do any harm
   

#### Injection and initialisation

In almost all cases, it's a good idea to only have 1 instance of any service, for predictability,
To achieve this, we will define the `BooksService` only in the `providers`-array of `BooksModule`.

1. Add the property `providers: []` to `BooksModule`, and fill it with `BooksService`.
  [Import](#import-syntax) the service if the IDE does not do this for you automatically.
  
2. In `BooksComponent`, inject `BooksService` by adding `booksService:BooksService` to the constructor of `BooksComponent`.
    Don't forget the `private` keyword, so the service is immediately bound to `this` of the `BookService`.
    
3. Add `implements OnInit` to the class definition if you haven't already.

    > ** Best practice: OnInit & ngOnInit() **
    > 
    > It's a best practice to handle data in component in any of the life-cycle events, and not the constructor.
    > See [life cycle](https://angular.io/guide/lifecycle-hooks) for a detailed explanation.

4. Create the method `ngOnInit` in the component and call get the books from the `booksService`.
    For now, you can directly set the property `books` in the component to the result of the method.
