#### HTTP
On the URL `http://localhost:3004/` there is a small NodeJS server (defined in `/src/server/server.js/`) with some endpoint to communicate with.
We will replace the hardcoded list of books with an `http.get()` call to `http://localhost:3004/overview`, which will get the books.
    
1. In `BooksModule`, import the `HttpClientModule` from `'@angular/common/http'` put it in `imports: []`.
    Now the Angular `HttpClient` is available for this module and it's components.
    
2. Create a constructor in `BooksService` and inject `http:HttpClient`. Import `HttpClient` from `@angular/common/http` if the IDE does not do this for you.
   Use the `private` keyword to connect `http` to `this` of `BooksService`.

3. In the method `getBooks`, return `http.get<Book[]>()` with the parameter `http://localhost:3004/overview` instead of the books array.

4. Change the return type of the method to `Observable<Book[]>`. Import `Observable` from `'rxjs'` if the IDE does not do this for you.

#### subscribe
1. In `BooksComponent`, call `subscribe()` on `getBooks()`.

2. In the success handler of subscribe, set the result of `getBooks()` to `books`.

#### async pipe

Angular has an `AsyncPipe`, which will remove some boilerplate, and automatically handles subscriptions.
This pipe will also `unsubscribe` if necessary when the component is destroyed.

In `BooksComponent` we need to work with an `Observable<Book[]>` instead of `Book[]`.

1. Change the type of the property `books: Book[]` to `books: Observable<Book[]>` in `BooksComponent`

2. Remove the `subscribe`, and directly set `getBooks()` to `books`. Note that at this point the Observable is not executed when this code runs.
  An Observable is executed when `subscribe` is called, which will be done by the `AsyncPipe` For now, it is a simple variable to be passed around as seen fit.

3. In the template of `BooksComponent`, put ` | async` behind `books` in the `[property binding]` which passes the books to `ShelveComponent`
    This way, `ShelveComponent` still just gets a `Book[]`, and does not know that instead of hardcoded data, the data is now asynchronously fetched by an HTTP call.
    This shows how good encapsulation makes changes to applications very easy.
