#### Root Component (AppComponent)
The component where the application starts is called the [Root Component](https://angular.io/guide/bootstrapping). 
Here, we will create and bootstrap this component.

1. Create a new file called `app.component.ts` in the folder `src/app/` and export the TypeScript class `AppComponent`.
   
   > **Best practice: File- and class names**
   > 
   > It's Best Practice to give the class the same name as the file. By doing this, it's easier to find them when needed.
      
2. In `app.component.ts`: Import `@Component()` from `@angular/core` and put the decorator above the class `AppComponent`.
    As a parameter, this decorator gets a [configuration object](#component).
    
3. Put the `selector` property in the configuration object and give this the value `ibs-book-shop`
  > ** Best practice: Application specific prefix **
  > 
  > An application specific prefix ensures that there can be no collisions when combining the app with multiple generic libraries.
  > Angular requires the component selector to be unique, and this prefix helps with the unicity.
  > In our case, we choose 'ibs', which stands very creatively for Ilionx Book Shop
   
4. Add the property `template`, this is what will be shown in the DOM.

5. Cut everything from `<!-- Start App Component -->` up to `<!-- End App Component -->` from `index.html` and as a string into the `template` property. 
    Use \`\` tickbacks template strings from ES6 to have the template on multiple lines

6. Put the selector of `AppComponent` in `index.html`, between `<!-- Start App Component -->` and `<!-- End App Component -->` 

#### Root Module (AppModule)
The module that is responsible for bootstrappig an Angular application is called the Root Module
In `app.module.ts` we've set an `NgModule` ready to be used as Root Module.

1. Add the properties `declarations:[]` and `bootstrap: []`, and put `AppComponent` in both arrays.
  > ** BrowserModule **
  > 
  > `BrowserModule` add logic like error handling to an Angular application. Only the Root Module imports the `BrowserModule`.
  
2. Open main.ts and check out [https://angular.io/guide/bootstrapping#bootstrap-in-maints](the documentation) about what this does.
   > ** main.ts **
   > 
   > This is the file where an Angular application is started. It is configured in `.angular-cli.json`, and you can change this to any name you'd like.

#### Refresh
1. Check the browser, and make sure there are no errors in the console. 
   If you have Augury installed, you can use it now. It's hidden in the tabs of the Developer Tools of Chrome
