#### books.service test
The services are the most important to be tested since these contain the majority of business logic.
Services often have dependencies on other services, like the HttpClient. 
These interactions will have to be mocked to create independent tests.

1. Create a new file `books.service.spec.ts` in the same folder as `books.service.ts`

2. Imports the `BooksService` from the project and `TestBed` from `@angular/core/testing`.

3. Within the first `describe`, start with `beforeEach(() => TestBed.configureTestingModule({}))`.

  >  *configureTestingModule* 
  >
  > This method configures a temporary testing module for running the test. This testing module, called `TestBed`, is configured identically to any NgModule. 
  > The {}-parameter contains the object definition typically used to describe a module.
  > If the component or service being tested has specific module dependencies, they should be added to the `imports: []` of the object definition
  
4. Configure the `TestBed` with a `BooksService` (in providers) and its dependencies (in imports).

##### Mocking HttpClient
Since `BooksService` uses the `HttpClient`-service, we'll have to mock this. Mocking allows independence and control. 
We will use Angular's `HttpClientTestingModule` and `HttpTestingController` classes to simulate http calls.

* [Testing Http Requests](https://angular.io/guide/http#testing-http-requests)

1. Add `HttpClientTestingModule` to the `TestBed`'s `imports: []`.    
 
2. Within the `describe()` add a new test using `it()`.

3. Fetch a `BooksService` instance using [TestBed.get(BooksService)](https://angular.io/guide/testing#testbedget).

4. Call the `getBooks()` method and `subscribe` to the result. The `subscribe`'s success handler will be containing the 
`expect`s that actually test the class. There's a call expected to `/overview` which we can check using the `HttpTestingController`. 

5. Obtain an `HttpTestingController` instance by calling `TestBed.get(HttpTestingController)` and assigning the result to a variable.

6. Call `expectOne('localhost:3004/overview')` on `httpTestingController` and assign the `TestRequest` result to a variable.
    If this URL is not called, the test will fail.
    
     >  *TestRequest* 
     > The TestRequest is an Angular class allowing you to check the sent request for header accuracy, for example.
     > The TestRequest also provides functionality to return valid responses, simulate error messages and network errors.

7. Now we'll have to return a response using `TestRequest`, so the `subscribe`'s success handling will be executed.
We will use the `flush` method for this. The first parameter of this method is the response body. Return a valid `Book[]`, this matches the `getBooks()` return type.

8. Add an `expect` checking if the received books match the ones we defined in the `Response` to the `subscribe` of `getBooks()`.
For `Object`s use the `toEqual` matcher. This matcher will check if the properties and values are equal.  

9. Finally we'd like to see that all Http-calls have been processed and none are still open. Use the `verify()` method on the `HttpTestingController` instance for this. 
This will make the test fail if there are still any open calls. This could occur if for example the `retry()` operator has been used.

10. Write a test for the error handler using the same `flush`-method, but this time provide a second parameter passing the `status` and `statusText`. 

  > **Best Practice - error scenario**
  >
  > Always add an test for the error handling. At a minimum test the presence of an error message.
  > This makes your test more robust and forces error handling to be used for every `Observable`.
  
11. Run the tests by executing `ng test` on the command line.
