#### BooksRoutes
There are advantages to separate the routes per module, like adding lazy loading.
Currently, `BooksComponent` shows everything; the list of books, the selected book and adding a new book to the application.
This component will be replaced in `AppComponent` by a `<router-outlet>`, which will put the right component in place based on the URL.

#### books-routing.module.ts
It's a [best practice](https://angular.io/guide/router#milestone-2-routing-module) to define routes in their own module. 
When additional routing features are added like guards or the routing gets big, it keeps the code cleaner because it's separated.
    
1. Create a new file that will hold the routing configuration, called `books-routing.module.ts`. [naming guidelines: routing](https://angular.io/guide/styleguide#angular-ngmodule-names)

2. Create a `const` called `BOOKS_ROUTES` and instantiate this with a new `Route[]`.
  ```javascript
    const BOOKS_ROUTES: Route[] = [];
  ``` 

3. Create a new `Route` in the array with the properties `path: 'books'` and `component: BooksComponent`.

4. Create a `Route` for the `NewBookComponent`. The path for will be `books/new`.

5. Export a variable `BooksRoutes: ModuleWithProviders` and instantiate this with `RouterModule.forChild(BOOKS_ROUTES)`
   > **RouterModule.forChild()**
   >
   > The forChild() method adds routes to an existing Router instance, which is created by forRoot().
   > forChild() is meant for Feature Modules, and add the benefit to be easily lazy loaded.
   
     ```javascript
       export const BooksRoutesModule: ModuleWithProviders = RouterModule.forChild(BOOKS_ROUTES)
    ```

6. In `BooksModule`, import `BooksRoutesModule` and add it to `imports:[]`. This registers the routes with the `BooksModule`.
  Because the `BooksModule` is imported by the `AppModule`, the routes are registered with the application.
  
7. Since the form is now shown in it's own page, it can be removed from the template of `BooksComponent`.

8. To make it al look a bit nicer, replace the class `card g--10 m--1` with `card g--12` in the template of `NewBookComponent`.

#### Change in `app-routing.module.ts`
We still have a route definition to `BooksComponent` in the routing for the `AppModule`. Since the FeatureModule now has it's own definition, we can remove this configuration from `AppModule`.

1. Remove the reference to `BooksModule` from `app-routing.module.ts`
 
2. Change the route configuration to the definition below, and set the `redirectTo` property to the route of `BooksComponent`.
    ```javascript
    <Route>{ path: '', pathMatch: 'full', redirectTo: '' }
    ```

    > **redirectTo**
    >
    > Because we want to immediately redirect to books when we hit the landing page, we make use of the redirect property.
    > A different scenario would be a landing page, like `HomeComponent`, where the user sees relevant information.


